What is break mode? What are the options to step through code?
    Break Mode it is a mode, when program is paused during debugging
    You can enter Break Mode when: breakpoint is hit, program is manually paused or when exception occurs.
    With Break Mode you can inspect variables, call stack. threads and memory, also you can execute your code step by step.
    Options to step through code: Step Into, Step Over, Step Out, Continue.



How to ignore some exceptions during debugging?
    Go to window debug - windows - exception settings and then uncheck checkboxes of exceptions that you want to be ignored.


How to set up conditional breakpoint?
    Right click the breakpoint and select Conditions, then you can find a field for you to write your condition.
    Breakpoint is hit, when your conditional expression is true.

What is data breakpoint?
    It is kind of breakpoint that tells to debugger to pause program execution when chosen data(some value) has been changed.

What is trace point and how to use it?
    Trace point is a breakpoint that logs a message and then continues the execution of a program.
    Trace point used when you don't want to modify your code for debugging.

What are pdb files, when are they created and how to use them?
    A PDB file is a file format for storing debugging and project state information about a compiled program.
    PDB files are created during the compilation and linking process when you build a project in Visual Studio. 
    Visual Studio usually handles PDB automatically but still you can load it manually.
    PDB file allows you to set a breakpoint in your code, step through your code line by line, view call stacks, values and thread information.


What is symbol server?
    Symbol server is a file server that stores debugging information, like symbol files, allowing debugger to automatically retrieve the correct symbol files as needed, without you having to manage large, version-specific files locally. 


What are debug and release build configurations?
    Debug version is for finding and fixing errors, while the release version is optimized for performance and distribution to end users.